README.md, before:

# Image to ASCII

This program converts images and gifs to ASCII <br>
It can also display them in the terminal

![demo](https://github.com/yattsu/image_to_ascii/blob/master/demo.gif)
![demo2](https://github.com/yattsu/image_to_ascii/blob/master/demo2.gif)
![demo3](https://github.com/yattsu/image_to_ascii/blob/master/demo3.png)

## Prerequisites

Python==3.8.1 <br>
Pillow==7.0.0 <br>
Requests==2.22.0 <br>

## Usage

### ascii.py

It accepts images and gifs. You can specify the path or link (ending in .jpg/.png/.gif ...) <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.png` / `python ascii.py https://site.domain/file.gif` <br>

You can specify the `scale`, `reverse`, `chars`, `rotate`, `contrast` and `wide` arguments <br>
`scale {integer}` - scales the source file to the integer specified <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.gif scale 75` <br>
`reverse` - swaps black&white for the given file <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.gif reverse scale 10` <br>
`chars {'string'}` - specifies the characters for conversion <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg chars ' $@B%8&WM#'` (default is ' :co@') <br>
`rotate {'string'}` - rotates the characters by either -90 or 90 degrees; the accepted values are 'left' and 'right' <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg rotate left` <br>
`contrast` - converts using these characters ' ░▒▓█'; this will override the `chars` arguments <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg contrast` <br>
`wide {int}` - specifies how wide each cell will be <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg wide 3` (default is 2) <br>

All arguments can be nested and combined

### show.py

Displays the image/gif in the terminal. For gifs, it will infinitely loop through the frames <br>
Example: `python show.py` <br>

You can specify the `s` argument to specify the delay between frames <br>
`s {float}` - delay between frames, default is 0.07 seconds
Example: `python show.py s 0.3` <br>

Commit message:

README: update usage of show.py with new args

README.md, after:

# Image to ASCII

This program converts images and gifs to ASCII <br>
It can also display them in the terminal

![demo](https://github.com/yattsu/image_to_ascii/blob/master/demo.gif)
![demo2](https://github.com/yattsu/image_to_ascii/blob/master/demo2.gif)
![demo3](https://github.com/yattsu/image_to_ascii/blob/master/demo3.png)

## Prerequisites

Python==3.8.1 <br>
Pillow==7.0.0 <br>
Requests==2.22.0 <br>

## Usage

### ascii.py

It accepts images and gifs. You can specify the path or link (ending in .jpg/.png/.gif ...) <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.png` / `python ascii.py https://site.domain/file.gif` <br>

You can specify the `scale`, `reverse`, `chars`, `rotate`, `contrast` and `wide` arguments <br>
`scale {integer}` - scales the source file to the integer specified <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.gif scale 75` <br>
`reverse` - swaps black&white for the given file <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.gif reverse scale 10` <br>
`chars {'string'}` - specifies the characters for conversion <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg chars ' $@B%8&WM#'` (default is ' :co@') <br>
`rotate {'string'}` - rotates the characters by either -90 or 90 degrees; the accepted values are 'left' and 'right' <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg rotate left` <br>
`contrast` - converts using these characters ' ░▒▓█'; this will override the `chars` arguments <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg contrast` <br>
`wide {int}` - specifies how wide each cell will be <br>
Example: `python ascii.py /path/to/file.jpg wide 3` (default is 2) <br>

All arguments can be nested and combined

### show.py

Displays the image/gif in the terminal. For gifs, it will infinitely loop through the frames <br>
Example: `python show.py` <br>

```
usage: show.py [-h] [-d [DELAY]] [folder]

Show computed ASCII image or gif.

positional arguments:
  folder                folder containing the computed output.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -d [DELAY], --delay [DELAY]
                        delay between frames, default is 0.07 seconds.
```
